c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.dll
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.pdb
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.apk
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.dll
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.pdb
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.dll
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.pdb
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.apk
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\Users\Utente\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.dll
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.pdb
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.apk
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid-Signed.apk
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.dll
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.pdb
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.dll
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.pdb
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.apk
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\obj\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Utente\Documents\GitHub\xamarine-testing\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsDemoPart4.Droid.dll.mdb
